docs(readme): Focus on user/contrib entry points (#66)
obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-check: README.md

Each failing check references specific items in the
[Cargo SemVer reference](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/semver.html)
or other reference pages, as appropriate. It also includes the item name
and file location that are the cause of the problem, as well as a link
to the implementation of that query in the current version of the tool.

Notes:
- If using it on a massive codebase (multiple hundreds of thousands of lines of Rust),
  the queries may be a bit slow: there is some `O(n^2)` scaling for `n` items in a few places that
  I haven't had time to optimize down to `O(n)` yet. Apologies! I have temporarily prioritized
  features over speed, and the runtime will improve significantly with a small amount of extra work.
- **No false positives**: Currently, all queries report constructive proof of semver violations:
  there are no false positives. They always list a file name and line number for the baseline item
  that could not be found in the new code.
- **There are false negatives**: This tool is a work-in-progress, and cannot check all kinds of
  semver violations yet. Just because it doesn't find any semver issues doesn't mean

>   they don't exist.

Author: You actually had this twice in two different forms, so figured it was important :)

I think these kind of details are useful.  We just might polish it further in the future.

>   they don't exist.

Reviewer: More likely the result of rushing to get everything written down than actual intent in this case 😅

## FAQ

### Why `cargo-semver-checks` instead of ...?

[rust semverver](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-semverver) builds on top of
rustc internals to build rlib's and compare their metadata.  This strips the
code down to the basics for identifying changes.  However, is tightly coupled
to specific nightly compiler versions and [takes work to stay in
sync](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-semverver/search?q=Rustup+to&type=commits).

[cargo breaking](https://github.com/iomentum/cargo-breakinga) effectively runs
`cargo expand` and re-parses the code using
[`syn`](https://crates.io/crates/syn) which requires re-implementing large
swaths of rust's semantics to then lint the API for changes.
This is limited to the feature and target the crate was compiled for.

`cargo-semver-checks` sources its data from rustdoc's json output.  While

> unstable, the rate of change is fairly low, reducing the churn in keeping up.

Reviewer: Just trying to clarify that it's the JSON format that is unstable, not `cargo-semver-checks`.

> The lints are also written ontop of the `trustfall` ["query everything"
> engine](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/trustfall), reducing the work for writing
> and maintaining lints.  Because of the extra data that rustdoc includes, some
> level of feature/target awareness might be able to be introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lints are also written as queries for the `trustfall` ["query everything"
engine](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/trustfall), reducing the work for adding
and maintaining lints.  Because of the extra data that rustdoc includes, some
level of feature/target awareness might be able to be introduced.
```
Just trying to clarify a bit. English is harder than Rust :)

If you see a way to reword this so the first sentence doesn't both start and end with `lints`, that'd be great. I'm getting tripped up on it but I couldn't figure out a great way out of that.

sync](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-semverver/search?q=Rustup+to&type=commits).

[cargo breaking](https://github.com/iomentum/cargo-breakinga) effectively runs
`cargo expand` and re-parses the code using
[`syn`](https://crates.io/crates/syn) which requires re-implementing large
swaths of rust's semantics to then lint the API for changes.
This is limited to the feature and target the crate was compiled for.

`cargo-semver-checks` sources its data from rustdoc's json output.  While
unstable, the rate of change is fairly low, reducing the churn in keeping up.
The lints are also written ontop of the `trustfall` ["query everything"
engine](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/trustfall), reducing the work for writing
and maintaining lints.  Because of the extra data that rustdoc includes, some
level of feature/target awareness might be able to be introduced.

There is interest in
[hosting rustdoc JSON](https://github.com/rust-lang/docs.rs/issues/1285) on `docs.rs` meaning
that semver-checking could one day download the baseline rustdoc JSON file instead of generating it.
Also, generally speaking, inspecting JSON data is likely going to be faster than full compilation.

> ### Comparing `cargo-semver-checks` vs `cargo-crate-api` and `cargo-public-api`

Reviewer: You don't think it's worth comparing to `cargo-crate-api` and `cargo-public-api`? I like the "one short paragraph per tool" format you set up, and it might not be too verbose to have a single extra paragraph for the two tools.

Author: `cargo-crate-api` was a PoC for a rustdoc-based tool.  I've already archived the repo and will just move into this what I find useful.

I'll add back in `cargo-public-api`
